When you have ancient cultures all over the world
Who are describing
non-human entities in the unseen
Which is almost? What isn't unseen to the humans in the way that I've just described
many taking a reptilian form and
That has passed through the ages and
Then you meet people in places like America of course once you start talking about this you become
Someone that people will give information to because they can see a way of getting out to the public arena
Because you won't think they're crazy
and
They telling you the same
You know people who've been in mind control projects people who've been in government
Projects, who've interacted with these entities in in underground bases
And they're describing what the ancients described
When you've got this this managed unfortunately just died in his 90s William Tompkins
writing a book in
Describing how he was seconded in 1942 into a top-secret
Naval intelligence operation in America based at the Naval Base, San Diego where
He is his role of the role of that organization was to interact with
non-human entities and
He produced his documents. He produceds pictures of people he was with to support what he claims and
He's saying world governments that could control by a reptilian non-human race
I've been saying that since the 90s, but he's
What well let let's look at how it works
First of all these entities operate in the unseen overwhelmingly in the unseen
Because we like I said earlier live in a frequency band a band of frequency
Anything beyond that frequency we can't see we're not aware of and you know
People have no trouble accepting that the old analog system of radio and television stations
Our different frequencies sharing the same space without interfering with each other unless they're really close on the dial
you know the analog system BBC one and
ITV and CNN, they're sharing the same space, but they're just on different frequencies and the
The television picks up different frequencies as you change the channel
Well in the same way
Worlds of, or realities of.. it's a better term. are
Sharing the same space without interfering with each other and still so very close on the dial
At that point where they're close on the dial and and and and there is some form of interaction
That's what we call ghosts and paranormal activity
and so these
Not just reptilian, but other non-human entities are operating just
outside of the human sight and
They
Have to have
vehicles within our frequency band within our world that represent their interests that
are
basically vehicles for them to manipulate our society and so
Particular bloodlines were
created
That are hybrids part reptilian not not always reptilian but reptilian but part human
Which is the origin of the Royal .... bloodline a
whole order of the ages
You know the ancient Chinese emperors used to claim the right to be Emperor because of their descendents from the serpent gods
and
the reason that these
Royal bloodlines and aristocratic
bloodlines have
Incessantly obsessively interbred it's because they're holding this hybrid genetic program and
For long time
They ruled because they were the special bloodline
What is it?
Just down the road from us now in London. We have a head of state even today
Who is head of state because of her bloodline the?
Queen if she was a different bloodline she might be cleaning the throne not sitting on it. This is the nonsense of it
Why are you queen because someone had sex with someone and and and and that person was born first
therefore their the monarch.
Sorry, I thought we lived in a civilized society with some form of intelligence
What's going on, but across much of the world as?
Humanity started to
awaken a bit more from its civility to
To these Royal bloodlines
They couldn't sustain it any longer and so
the Royal in-your-face control
started to disperse it's still around in some areas like we still have a monarchy in here and the Commonwealth countries, but
Lots of countries had disappeared, but these bloodlines didn't
and their sense of being special and being quote royal never ended either and
so they moved into the dark suit professions of banking of
politics of what all the dark suit professions government administration, etc and they've gone on running the show ever since
While not being overtly royal and of course what happened with the
so-called British a great British Empire these other European empires is these bloodlines went all over the world and they
imposed themselves
In the North America in South America in Australia all over the world
And they've gone on controlling ever since, but when you look at the situation from
from just a you know general population perspective everything seems to be
Unconnected people seem to be unconnected, but when when you go deep into the shadows they're not unconnected
Continue watching this fascinating conversation
For free by clicking on the link below to visit our website learn from the best minds in the world and connect with a community
Of passionate people building the best versions of themselves
Just click on the link below, and I'll see you on the inside